I’m a damsel… Ugh! I’m in distress. I can handle this. Have a nice day.
Who we are and who we have to be to survive are two very different things.
You need to accept the fact that you’re not the best and have all the will to strive to be better than anyone you face.
I think I’m gonna go stare at a wall for a while and RETHINK EVERYTHING.
I’m not interested in caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes.
People are gunna tell you who you are your whole life. You just gotta punch back and say, “No, this is who I am.” You want people to look at you differently? Make them! You want to change things, you’re gonna have to go out there and change them yourself, because there are no fairy godmothers in this world.
I’m sorry. I couldn’t keep my promise. I wanted to go into a line of work where I could protect people. That’s why I became a detective. But Makishima changed everything. That man will continue to kill people. And yet, the law can’t judge him. As long as I’m a detective, I can’t touch him. This case made me aware… that the law can’t protect people. 
When you make plans, then you have expectations, and when you have expectations, then…you WILL get disappointed.
I thought that was the point of having people in your life, to have someone to talk to when you are scared.
Because you gave us your word. Does that mean nothing?
Well, boohoo. I’m so sorry your feelings are hurt, princess.
I’m like Icarus, whose wings melted before he could fuck the sun.
Don’t worry, I’ll keep him in trouble.
How many people does it take to deliver a message?
And mothers should know when their children are ready to run.
We don’t like you. Now shut up and help us.
I don’t know if men like us find peace.
Scientists believe no experiment is a failure, that even a mistake advances the evolution of understanding… but all achievement has a price.
It’s not magic. It’s talent and sweat.
I love this stuff. It’s like high stake Legos.
I don’t flirt. I just say what I want.
My point is we can all shape our destiny, but none of us get to escape our fate.
It is necessary to look at the results of observation objectively, because you, the experimenter, might like one result better than another.
