There are things you can’t control. There are battles you lose. At the end of the day, the only thing we have is the people we trust.
You mistreat this poor boy the same way you mistreat my people. You speak of justice, yet you are cruel to those most in need of your help!
A woman! All right, Soos, you can do this. Just use your mouth to say words that make romance happen. Your face is good! I’m a Soos!
… one day; 100 years time we’ll be striding out amongst the stars. Dueling about with all them aliens. Just you wait.
I finally have you. But I can’t get you home because of this blizzard. There’s always something. Not that you would understand. You’re like my sister. Everything always came easy to her. She’s a firebending prodigy and everyone adores her. My father says she was born lucky. He says I was lucky to be born. I don’t need luck, though. I don’t want it. I’ve always had to struggle and fight, and that’s made me strong. It’s made me who I am.
But warriors don’t show their heart, until the axe reveals it.
When people get hurt, they learn to hate. When people hurt others, they become hated and racked with guilt. But knowing that pain allows people to be kind. Pain allows people to grow… and how you grow is up to you.
They’re not the bad guys. They’re the victims. We shouldn’t be killing the people we’re trying to save.
It is our fight. It will not end here. With every victory this evil will grow. If your father has his way, we will do nothing. We will hide within our walls, live our lives away from the light and let darkness descend. Are we are not part of this world? Tell me, Mellon, when did we let evil become stronger than us?
That’s how you know you’ve really got a home. Cause when you leave it… there’s this feeling that you can’t shake. You just miss it.
I need to feel something.
You’re the weak one. And you’ll never know love,or friendship. And I feel sorry for you.
It’s changing out there. Just like last time. There’s a storm coming, Harry. And we all best be ready when she does.
So, my parents are, like, fighting all the time, and they want me to choose sides. But I can’t, because they’re both idiots.
There’s business and there’s love.
I don’t care. I love him.
I’m hurting you because I love you.
What will become of my dear friend? / Where will his actions lead us then? / Oh, how I’d like to join the crowd / In their enthusiastic cloud. / Try as I may, it doesn’t last.
It took me a while, but I finally realized what I was looking for was a family. So I bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place I could truly call home.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this.
