Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
When you see a river, you must follow it to its source, no matter the perils, no matter those comrades that fall along the way. You must know how things work. You must unlock.
I ask only for the strength to defend my people.
Life is like a pencil that will surely run out, but will leave the beautiful writing of life.
Spent all these years training to be a doctor, now I’ve got people to look after. They saw half the planet slaughtered and they’re devastated. I can’t leave them.
I know you all hate me, and I’m sorry, but I don’t care.
You couldn’t kill me if you tried for a hundred years.
Everything you’ve been taught is based on theories and logic. Soon you will likely come to realize how pointless they are in the world we live in.
I’m sorry, why are we friends with them again?
I hope you’re pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed – or worse, expelled. Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to bed.
Are you beginning to appreciate my lack of sympathy?
All I wanted was to eat the chicken that is smarter than other chickens and to absorb its power.
Why do I always have these conversations with sharp objects in my hand? You need to get outta here, before you add another hundred years to my sentence.
UNACCEPTABLE!!!!
Take it with you, so you’ll always have a way to look back, and remember me.
See, I’ve always got an A, B and C strike plan to get us out of any potentially life-threatening situation.
I think I’m gunna have a heart attack and die of not surprise!
I have a system: there’s a place for everything, everything in its place.
A man who is encumbered by what’s right and what’s wrong, will never achieve anything. I am not encumbered by what encumbers most men, because I am not most men.
I pride myself as a fair and just king, but for the crime of sorcery there is but one sentence I can pass.
Francine, you be very careful out there today, we’re at terror alert orange! Which means something might go down somewhere in some way at some point in time. [shouts] So look sharp!
In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal.
This is war, we’re at war with scumbags like him. Sometimes in war you gotta do a bad thing to do good, right? So do you do this bad thing, or do you die and maybe your girl dies?
You do realize I’m not scared to hit a bitch.
