If I fail it is only because I have too much pride and ambition.
We are what we reapeatedly do; excellence. Then, is not an act but a habit.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Directing is really exciting. At the end of the day, it's more fun to be the painter than the paint.
Life is to be lived. If you have to support yourself, you had bloody well better find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don’t do that by sitting around.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
I don’t like to look back, and I’m always worried about the next thing rather than resting on the laurels or the degradations of the last thing.
I love argument, I love debate. I don’t expect anyone to just sit there and agree with me, that’s not their job.
Human beings have a demonstrated talent for self-deception when their emotions are stirred.
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.
There’s nothing I despise more than people trying to be something they’re not.
You should not have taken advantage of my sensibility to steal into my affections without my consent.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
People pray to someone else like God, and hope to live eternally in paradise after death. Believe instead in yourself and be your own God to create your own paradise on Earth whilst you live.
Life is to be lived. If you have to support yourself, you had bloody well better find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don’t do that by sitting around.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
You think we’re intellectual equals? It only took me seconds to get you off your guard! And this body you designed is self-congratulatory garbage. See, I know a thing or two about building a body out of bio-mass, and you don’t leave your heart exposed.
You’re being a coward. You are so afraid of ruffling powerful feathers that you’re doing what you always do: Burying an ugly truth and hoping that someone will pin a medal on you.
Yes! We defeated you for all time! You will never rise from the ashes of your shame and humiliation! Well, that was fun.
Soon I’ll have people who do my sleeping for me!
I am not a committee!
You’re good. But I’m Crowley.
Tell me now, if you dare, that I do not deserve to be King of Wessex.
Sometimes looking for extreme possibilities makes you blind to the probable explanation right in front of you.
And its captain is to sail it as COMMANDED! I thought you would have learned that, after I ordered you to kill your pet. This is no longer your world, Jones. The immaterial has become… immaterial.
Children should walk before they run.
Oh right. The conscience thing.
I’d like to spend my vacation… (strikes dramatic pose) …AT THE LIBRARY!
She did. She died for who she was and who she loved. She fell where she stood. It was sad. And it was beautiful. And it is over. We have no right to change who she was.
His screaming is interrupting my beauty sleep. And do you know what happens when a queen loses her beauty sleep? She could get a wrinkle. And if she gets a wrinkle, she’ll make sure you get a wrinkle… on your neck!… I’m sorry, I’m not being very clear, I’m really tired. What I’m trying to say is if you don’t fix it, I’ll cut your throat. Okay? Nighty-night.
So many men, they risk so little. They spend their whole lives avoiding danger, and then they die. I’d risk everything to get what I want. (Sansa: What do you want?) Everything.
You have a little danger in your eye. I want to know what you plan do with it.
You’ve got a plan? Okay, first of all, you’re copying me from when I said I had a plan.
Prayers are for the weak – I’ll stick to beating your ass in court. 
When the President stands, nobody sits.
At the end of the day, I have to accept that I can control everything…except the things I can’t control.
Lemon, what tragedy happened in your life that you insist upon punishing yourself with all this…mediocrity?
I really don’t like feelings.
I’m not a relaxed person Britta. I think ahead. I prepare. I don’t improvise my life like Caroline Decker, who probably has really bad credit and an unfinished mermaid tattoo.
