Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
I make the mistake of assuming everyone is out here to be the best version of themselves.
She was a girl who knew how to be happy even when she was sad, and that's important.
I need to understand it. I have to investigate every part of it before I'm ready to do it. The more prepared I am, the less fear I have.
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance and my kindness for weakness.
I do not have anything to hide, but I do not have anything I feel like showing you either.
Constantly torn between 'If it's meant to be, it will be' and 'If you want it, go and get it".
I like things to happen. And if they don't happen, I like to make them happen.
I like people who have a sense of individuality. I love expression and anything awkward and imperfect, because that's natural and that's real.
I'm not shy. I'm holding back my awesomeness so I don't intimidate you.
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.
Do you think you could tell me what true strength is? I may be out of line, but hiding your true self and putting on airs doesn’t seem any different than running away to me. I would think that embracing the things you truly like and being able to enjoy them is worth more than anything. To just be yourself…I believe that is what true strength really is.
…but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend…
The world is full of evil and lies and pain and death, and you can’t hide from it; you can only face it. The question is, when you do – How do you respond? Who do you become?
You don’t like my style. That’s fine. But I’m not gonna change who I am. So you’re just gonna have to deal with it and respect it.
This is just a dream, but very clever people can hear dreams. So please, just listen. I know you’re afraid, but being afraid is alright. Because didn’t anybody ever tell you? Fear is a superpower. Fear can make you faster and cleverer and stronger. And one day you’re gonna come back to this barn and on that day you’re going to be very afraid indeed. But that’s okay, because if you’re very wise and very strong fear doesn’t have to make you cruel or cowardly. Fear can make you kind. It doesn’t matter if there’s nothing under the bed or in the dark so long as you know it’s okay to be afraid of it. So listen. If you listen to anything else, listen to this. You’re always gonna be afraid even if you learn to hide it. Fear is like a companion, a constant companion, always there. But that’s okay because fear can bring us together. Fear can bring you home. I’m gonna leave you something just so you’ll always remember. Fear makes companions of us all.
Every one of us must do what’s in their power! If we’re going to die anyway, then it’s better to die fighting than to do nothing!
I will never, ever turn my back on people who need me!
I am crazy and stubborn.
Love. The reason I dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand.
Love is weakness.
I hereby declare we have spaghetti Tuesdays every Wednesday.
Any man can get knocked down. The hero is the man who gets back up.
By all means, attribute my legitimate feelings of sadness to menses.
Think positive.
My dear, sweet child. That’s what I do. It’s what I live for, to help unfortunate merfolk, like yourself, poor souls with no one else to turn to.
If you use your wish to grant someone else’s, you should be careful you know exactly why you are doing it. Are you really doing it for someone else’s benefit? Or the opposite, you’re doing it for that person’s everlasting gratitude.
I believe the world can be made into a happier, and much brighter place, through the thorough application of nature’s toolbox—chemistry.
I don’t know you anymore…Anakin you’re breaking my heart, you’re going down a path I can’t follow.
I am 100% certain that I am 0% sure of what I am going to do.
Having someone believe in me? It’s a small, really really big thing.
It’s better than to watch you die!
You have literally seen my heart. You know it’s not untouched. You are not all evil and I am not all good. Things are not that simple.
I’m the Commander. No one fights for me.
I was cast aside by my own parents like I meant nothing to them! How could I just stand by and watch the same thing happen to my nation when it needed someone to guide it?
D'you know the big problem with a disguise, Mr. Holmes? However hard you try, it’s always a self-portrait.
You could use your abilities for something more useful.
Admitting your fears is the first and most difficult step in overcoming them.
