It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
No random actions, none not based on underlying principles.
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else’s hands, but not you.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Conventional people are roused to fury by departure from convention, largely because they regard such departure as a criticism of themselves.
Consider every thought you have as a suggestion, not an order. Right now, my mind is suggesting that I feel tired. It is suggesting that I give up. It is suggesting that I take an easier path. If I pause for a moment, however, I can discover new suggestions. My mind is also suggesting that I will feel very good about accomplishing this work once it is done. It is suggesting that I will respect the identity I am building when I stick to the schedule. It is suggesting that I have the ability to finish this task, even when I don’t feel like. Remember, none of these suggestions are orders. They are merely options. I have the power to choose which option I follow.
Tug on anything at all and you’ll find it connected to everything else in the universe.
I understand. That’s the trouble. I understand. I’ll understand all the time. All day and all night. Especially all night. I’ll understand. You don’t have to worry about that.
The third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority. The second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority. The first-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventions, prejudices, and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.
Now if you are going to win any battle you have to do one thing. You have to make the mind run the body. Never let the body tell the mind what to do. The body will always give up. It is always tired morning, noon, and night. But the body is never tired if the mind is not tired. When you were younger the mind could make you dance all night, and the body was never tired… You’ve always got to make the mind take over and keep going.
Do, or do not. There is no ‘try’.
The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is. Self-knowledge has no end – you don’t come to an achievement, you don’t come to a conclusion. It is an endless river.
It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
In times of difficulty, when trouble sets in and situations turn for the worse at home or school or with one’s work, how easy it is to transfer this blame to another, to parents, teachers, society, or God, instead of facing the problem as one’s very own and overcoming it. Each individual is his own witness, his own responsibility in both good times and bad. The individual must first answer to himself.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
If you want to assert a truth, first make sure it’s not just an opinion that you desperately want to be true.
Many people, especially ignorant people, want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never apologize for being correct, or for being years ahead of your time. If you’re right and you know, speak your mind. Speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe.
No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
You rarely have time for everything you want in this life, so you need to make choices. And hopefully your choices can come from a deep sense of who you are.
When you come to realize, that the way you feel is a product only of what you choose to give your attention to, then you begin to realize that under any and all conditions, you can feel good. You also begin to realize that as you control the way you feel, you control the way you are flowing energy. And as you control the way you are flowing energy, you literally align the circumstances and events that create your experience.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Maturity is not a matter of age, it comes with understanding.
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find anything that agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it.
A criticism from a different standpoint which does not truly understand what it is criticizing cannot be said to be a true criticism.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense. But the real universe is always one step beyond logic.
Don’t you understand that we need to be childish in order to understand? Only a child sees things with perfect clarity, because it hasn’t developed all those filters which prevent us from seeing things that we don’t expect to see.
If you can’t explain it simply , you don’t understand it well enough.
At the back of our brains, so to speak, there is a forgotten blaze or burst of astonishment at our own existence. The object of the artistic and spiritual life is to dig for this submerged sunrise of wonder.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
Education is a progressive discovery of your own ignorance.
There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas.
The mind is sharper and keener in seclusion and uninterrupted solitude. No big laboratory is needed in which to think. Originality thrives in seclusion free of outside influences beating upon us to cripple the creative mind. Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born.
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
I’m very picky with whom I give my energy to. I prefer to reserve my time, intensity and spirit exclusively to those who reflect sincerity.
I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.
You don’t have a soul. You are a Soul. You have a body.
Stay true to your own nature. If you like to do things in a slow and steady way, don’t let others make you feel as if you have to race. If you enjoy depth, don’t force yourself to seek breadth.
To be nobody but yourself in a world that’s doing its best to make you somebody else, is to fight the hardest battle you are ever going to fight. Never stop fighting.
I am a minimalist. I like saying the most with the least.
We are at war between consciousness and nature, between the desire for permanence and the fact of flux. It is ourself against ourselves.
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel.
Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know.