I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you surely don’t deserve me at my best.
Be of good cheer and be diligent. ... Make the most of every opportunity.
Our diversity is beautiful - it would be so terribly boring if we were all the same! ... Let's love each other. ... Let's dare to be beautiful in our own truth - and still belong.
I want everyone to win. ... I don't like telling people what they can or cannot do because I think everybody can do whatever they want, if they really believe it.
We were made to enjoy music, to enjoy beautiful sunsets, to enjoy looking at the billows of the sea and be thrilled with a rose that is bedecked with dew…Human beings are actually created for the transcendent, for the sublime, for the beautiful, for the truthful…and all of us are given the task of trying to make this world a little more hospitable to these beautiful things.
I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control, and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
Happiness needs sadness.
Success needs failure.
Benevolence needs evil.
Love needs hatred.
Victory needs defeat.
Pleasure needs pain.
You must experience and accept the extremes because if the contrast is lost, you lose appreciation; and when you lose appreciation, you lose the value of everything.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes; art is knowing which ones to keep.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
The open-minded see the truth in different things. The narrow-minded see only the differences.
Once you get used to something why bother? It’s just repetition. 
I don’t want to be in a battle. But waiting on the edge of one I can’t escape is even worse.
Do I have to tuck my shirt in? Cause honestly, that is kind of a deal breaker.
No matter what happens, no matter how crazy things get, I’ll always try to restore balance.
I’m not even sorry.
Forty seconds? But I want it now!
Compare your lives to mine and then kill yourselves.
It ain’t hard. The right choice is the one that keeps us alive.
Regina thought she was punishing us by erasing who we were, but I think she underestimated how much crap we wanted to forget. But, we can’t let it stop us. She gave us a chance to start over, and I wanna take it. I think you should too.
Some people struggle not to be drawn in to the darkness. But ever since I was a little girl, I’ve said… “Why not splash in and have fun?”
Sorry, I can’t talk. I’m in hero mode.
A wedding without a trampoline, that’s crazy talk.
I’m no expert, but I think people mope when their expectations are too high. It’s tiring when you always have to overachieve. Don’t overdo it. Just work on achieving what you can.
Man, you’re letting your brain dial turn your fear volume up.
I will not stand by and watch innocent people destroyed, and I am not alone. Many have already joined me. Many more join every day. 
I’m going to make you cry and dip my cookie in your tears.
Life is short, when you’re done you’re done, we’re on this earth to have some fun!
No one’s even willing to consider that I might be the Hitler of the group?
We all die. You can either do that here, feeling sorry for yourself, or you come back with me and get your revenge. The choice is yours.
The name’s Finn. And I’m in charge. I’m in charge now, Phasma! I’m in charge!
People started to talk as if he was a god. He was not a god, he was a man. A man with many dreams and many failings. I’ve learned that in the years since he went away. If I was him I wouldn’t come back. Despite all his failings, he’s still the greatest man in the world to me.
Something happens at around 92 miles an hour - thunder-headers drown out all sound, engine vibrations travels at a heart’s rate, field of vision funnels into the immediate and suddenly you’re not on the road, you’re in it. A part of it. Traffic, scenery, cops - just cardboard cutouts blowing over as you past. Sometimes I forget the rush of that. That’s why I love these long runs. All your problems, all the noise, gone. Nothing else to worry about except what’s right in front of you. Maybe that’s the lesson for me today, to hold on to these simple moments. Appreciate them a little more - there’s not many of them left. I don’t ever want that for you. Finding things that make you happy shouldn’t be so hard. I know you’ll face pain, suffering, hard choices, but you can’t let the weight of it choke the joy out of your life. No matter what, you have to find the things that love you. Run to them. There’s an old saying, ‘That what doesn’t kill you, makes you stronger’ I don’t believe that. I think the things that try to kill you make you angry and sad. Strength comes from the good things - your family, your friends, the satisfaction of hard work. Those are the things that’ll keep you whole. Those are the things to hold on to when you’re broken.
I’m talking to my credit card company. I tried to get an online subscription to the New Yorker and they declined me. Apparently, based on my previous purchases, they assumed it was fraud. That’s crazy. I’m fancy. One time I had coffee-flavored ice cream.
I’m stupid. A stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns.
