Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
There is no rule book, no right or wrong; you just have to make it up and do the very best you can to care for your family.
I have to be seen to be believed.
I think relationships are work, but love is a gift.
If you have three people in your life that you can trust, you can consider yourself the luckiest person in the whole world.
There is some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for.
We can't giggle, it's a crime scene. Stop it.
Don't take yourself too seriously. Know when to laugh at yourself, and find a way to laugh at obstacles that inevitably present themselves.
Well, love motivates me in everything I do.
If everything was perfect, you would never learn and never grow.
I try not to worry about things I can't do anything about.
By swallowing evil words unsaid, no one has ever harmed his stomach.
Don’t ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
No-one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
I’ve been making a list of the things they don’t teach you at school. They don’t teach you how to love somebody. They don’t teach you how to be famous. They don’t teach you how to be rich or how to be poor. They don’t teach you how to walk away from someone you don’t love any longer. They don’t teach you how to know what’s going on in someone else’s mind. They don’t teach you what to say to someone who’s dying. They don’t teach you anything worth knowing.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
How people see the world is often a reflection of how they see themselves. If they think that the world is just a cesspool of lies and deceit, then they themselves may be full of lies and deceit. Watch out for those people who are always telling you just how corrupt the rest of the world is. As the saying goes, ‘It takes one to know one.'
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with. Choose wisely.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that but the really great make you feel that you too can become great.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It’s not just in some of us; it’s in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Isn’t it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different.
We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don’t even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It’s time to put an end to this. It’s time for us to let ourselves be loved.
When you love someone, when you care for someone, you have to do it through the good and the bad. Not just when you’re happy and it’s easy.
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive – to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
When thinking about life remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
People have to forgive. We don’t have to like them, we don’t have to be friends with them, we don’t have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don’t we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry.
Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I’m not going to let myself pull me down anymore.
Faith is the art of holding on to things in spite of your changing moods and circumstances.
You can love someone so much…But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
Before you can live a part of you has to die. You have to let go of what could have been, how you should have acted and what you wish you would have said differently. You have to accept that you can’t change the past experiences, opinions of others at that moment in time or outcomes from their choices or yours. When you finally recognize that truth then you will understand the true meaning of forgiveness of yourself and others. From this point you will finally be free.
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
You don’t get to choose if you get hurt in this world…but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices.
People don’t like love, they like that flittery flirty feeling. They don’t love love – love is sacrificial, love is ferocious, it’s not emotive. Our culture doesn’t love love, it loves the idea of love. It wants the emotion without paying anything for it. It’s ridiculous.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
When you’re struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something.
Be the one who nurtures and builds. Be the one who has an understanding and forgiving heart. Be the one who looks for the best in people. Leave people better than you found them.
Anyone who takes the time to be kind is beautiful.
When you take time to replenish your spirit, it allows you to serve others from the overflow. You cannot serve from an empty vessel.
I think it’s very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not be defined by another person.
Lots of things can be fixed. Things can be fixed. But many times, relationships between people cannot be fixed, because they should not be fixed. You’re aboard a ship setting sail, and the other person has joined the inland circus, or is boarding a different ship, and you just can’t be with each other anymore. Because you shouldn’t be.
And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Maybe there’s something you’re afraid to say, or someone you’re afraid to love, or somewhere you’re afraid to go. It’s gonna hurt. It’s gonna hurt because it matters.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
The past beats inside me like a second heart.
Introverts are collectors of thoughts and solitude is where the collection is curated and rearranged to make sense of the present and future.
When you really listen to another person from their point of view, and reflect back to them that understanding, it’s like giving them emotional oxygen.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Find someone who has a life that you want and figure out how they got it. Read books; pick your role models wisely; figure out what they did and do it.
My biggest mistakes in life have all stemmed from giving my powers to someone else – believing that the love others had to offer was more important than the love I had to give myself.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it’s all over.
I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Relax. You will become an adult. You will figure out your career. You will find someone who loves you. You have a whole lifetime; time takes time. The only way to fail at life is to abstain.
I think it’s important to find the little things in everyday life that make you happy.
You don’t have to see the whole staircase. Just take the first step.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
You cannot convince people to love you. This is an absolute rule. No one will ever give you love because you want him or her to give it. Real love moves freely in both directions. Don’t waste your time on anything else.
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you’ve lived well, your smile lines are in the right places and your frown lines aren’t too bad, what more do you need?