Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they’ve been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not a fact. It’s an opinion. Impossible is not a declaration. It’s a dare. Impossible is potential. Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing.
Just because something is traditional is no reason to do it, of course. Piracy, for example, is a tradition that has been carried on for hundreds of years, but that doesn’t mean we should all attack ships and steal their gold.
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.
I respect only those who resist me, but cannot tolerate them.
Humor is the contemplation of the finite from the point of view of the infinite.
Where I cannot satisfy my reason, I love to humor my fancy.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else’s opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Each man must look to himself to teach him the meaning of life. It is not something discovered; it is something moulded.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
The world belongs to the enthusiast who keeps cool.
As a rule, I am very careful to be shallow and conventional where depth and originality are wasted.
It is tact that is golden, not silence.
There is no reality except the one contained within us. That is why so many people live such an unreal life. They take the images outside them for reality and never allow the world within to assert itself.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
The unreal is more powerful than the real. Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it. Because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles. Wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on. If you can change the way people think. The way they see themselves. The way they see the world. You can change the way people live their lives. That’s the only lasting thing you can create.
The questions are always more important than the answers.
Intelligence appears to be the thing that enables a man to get along without education. Education appears to be the thing that enables a man to get along without the use of his intelligence.
Nothing sways the stupid more than arguments they don’t understand.
The truth may work for some people, but I’ve always found it’s best to be flexible.
Our real discoveries come from chaos, from going to the place that looks wrong and stupid and foolish.
The work you do while you procrastinate is probably the work you should be doing for the rest of your life.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Make no little plans. They have no magic to stir men’s blood and probably themselves will not be realized. Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will never die, but long after we are gone will be a living thing, asserting itself with ever-growing insistency. Remember that our sons and grandsons are going to do things that would stagger us. Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty. Think big.
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
You don’t really understand an antagonist until you understand why he’s a protagonist his own version of the world.
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living; it’s a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life’s realities. Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
I never attempt to teach my pupils, only to supply the conditions in which they may learn.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you’ve got it made.
It is perhaps the misfortune of my life that I am interested in far too much but not decisively in any one thing; all my interests are not subordinated in one but stand on an equal footing.
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
I would never die for my beliefs, I may be wrong.
Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay.
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.
These are my principles and if you don’t like them… well, I have others.
When choosing between two evils, I like to take the one I’ve never tried before.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.
When you want something, all the Universe conspires in helping you achieve it.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself. I am large, I contain multitudes.