The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
I freed 1000 slaves. I could have freed 1000 more if only they knew they were slaves.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age 18.
Some people never go crazy, what truly horrible lives they must live!
People interest me, conversations don’t.
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
The unrest which keeps the never-stopping clock metaphysics going is the thought that the non-existence of this world is just as possible as its existence.
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.
You don’t understand anything until you learn it more than one way.
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. To be your own man is a hard business. If you try it, you’ll be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
Problems cannot be solved at the same level of awareness that created them.
We can’t define anything precisely. If we attempt to, we get into that paralysis of thought that comes to philosophers… one saying to the other: ‘You don’t know what you are talking about!’ The second one says: ‘What do you mean by talking? What do you mean by you? What do you mean by know?'
My passion is for scientific truth. I don’t much care about good and evil. I care about what’s true.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe.
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one.
Nobody realizes that some people expend their tremendous energy merely to be normal.
In science it often happens that scientists say, ‘You know that’s a really good argument; my position is mistaken,’ and then they would actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn’t happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
When people believe a conclusion is true, they are also very likely to believe arguments that appear to support it, even when these arguments are unsound.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing worth knowing is taught.
Of course you can’t ‘trust’ what people tell you on the web anymore than you can ‘trust’ what people tell you on megaphones, postcards or in restaurants. Working out the social politics of who you can trust and why is, quite literally, what a very large part of our brain has evolved to do.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.
I have no particular talent. I am merely inquisitive.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
A man said to the universe: ‘Sir, I exist!’ ‘However,’ replied the universe, ‘The fact has not created in me a sense of obligation.'
It’s a waste to chase the pipe dream of a magical tiny theory that allows us to make quick and detailed calculations about the future. We can’t predict and we can’t control. To accept this can be a source of liberation and inner peace. We’re part of the unfolding world, surfing the chaotic waves.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don’t know.
Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road crossed the chicken depends on your frame of reference.
There’s no reality except the one contained within us. That’s why so many people live an unreal life. They take images outside them for reality and never allow the world within them to assert itself.
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Loneliness does not come from having no people about one, but from being unable to communicate to others the things that seem important to oneself.
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
That which can be destroyed by the truth, should be.
History is the fiction we invent to persuade ourselves that events are knowable and that life has order and direction. That’s why events are always reinterpreted when values change. We need new versions of history to allow for our current prejudices.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd; indeed in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more likely to be foolish than sensible.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
Any man can withstand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power.
There are no facts, only interpretations.