I’m not afraid of cops. I have no reason to be. I never break the laws, ever, because I’m deathly afraid of cops.
You’re never finished with anyone while they can still make you angry.
Regardless of our limitations, we can always be of some use. Our power may seem insignificant…but it may just prove to be useful in the grand scheme of things. Stay focused. Never avert your eyes, because if an opening arises, even our insignificant power may be enough to determine the fate of the world. Which is why everyone must stay alert and ready to strike at any moment.
I’d probably get some municipal bonds, and then put the rest of the money in the bank and live off the interest.
As a leader, you need to learn from the mistakes of others, not your own.
As a leader, you need to learn from the mistakes of others, not your own.
They accept us for who we are and that’s important, but it’s not enough. It’s on us too. You have to love yourself, Emma. The good. The bad.
Don’t talk. Think. That’s a good rule of thumb for life.
There’s no such thing as fate.
Master Burglar. Go back to your books…and your armchair…plant your trees, watch them grow. If more people…valued home above gold…this world would be a merrier…place…
The truth is a matter of circumstances, it’s not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I.
Well, it frustrates me when you’d rather hide than fight.
Without rules, we might as well be up in a tree, flinging crap at each other.
There is no good and evil. There is only power and those too weak to seek it.
You’re too kind. Remember this and take it to heart: kindness sometimes leads to even greater tragedy.
My point is that, unlike yourself, Mary Poppins is the very enemy of whimsy and sentiment. She is truthful. She doesn’t sugarcoat the darkness in the world that these children will eventually, inevitably come to know. She prepares them for it. She deals in honesty. One must clean one’s room, it won’t magically do it by itself!
I was always more comfortable around numbers than people. I could control numbers.
No. Pain, hate, envy those are the ABC’s of me. Hey, get rid of them and there’s nothing left
What we do in life… echoes in eternity.
It’s not obedience, Mr. Becket; it’s respect.
Listen, you’re my children and I love you but you’re all terrible at what you do here and I feel like I should tell you, I’d fire all of you if I could.
Nothing’s okay. Wuntch is circling me like a shark frenzied by chum. The task force turning into a career-threatening quagmire. An Internal Affairs investigation casting doubt upon my integrity. And you ask, is everything okay? I am buffeted by the winds of my foe’s enmity and cast about by the towering waves of cruel fate. Yet I, a Captain, am no longer able to command my vessel, my precinct, from my customary helm, my office. And you ask, is everything okay? I’ve worked the better part of my years on earth overcoming every prejudice and fighting for the position I hold, and now I feel it being ripped from my grasp, and with it the very essence of what defines me as a man. And you ask, is everything okay?
Trust is earned. I can`t just magically hand it over.
I just don’t think I can let myself fall in love with someone who’s so damn close to becoming what he hates.
I’m strong enough and smart enough for anything you throw at me.
You need trust to have a truce.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.

