And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Once you label me, you negate me.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
You’re only given a little spark of madness. You mustn’t lose it.
A wonderful fact to reflect upon, that every human creature is constituted to be that profound secret and mystery to every other.
When I look at a person, I see a person – not a rank, not a class, not a title.
The most important things are the hardest to say. They are the things you get ashamed of, because words diminish them — words shrink things that seemed limitless when they were in your head to no more than living size when they’re brought out. But it’s more than that, isn’t it? The most important things lie too close to wherever your secret heart is buried, like landmarks to a treasure your enemies would love to steal away. And you may make revelations that cost you dearly only to have people look at you in a funny way, not understanding what you’ve said at all, or why you thought it was so important that you almost cried while you were saying it. That’s the worst, I think. When the secret stays locked within not for want of a teller but for want of an understanding ear.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars and change the world.
Heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlaying our hard hearts. I was better after I had cried, than before – more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
There is freedom waiting for you,
On the breezes of the sky,
And you ask “What if I fall?”
Oh but darling,
What if you fly?
Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Don’t you think it’s better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
You don’t have a soul, Doctor. You are a soul. You have a body, temporarily.
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out.
I must be a mermaid…I have no fear of depths and a great fear of shallow living.
The pathos and gift of life is that we cannot know which will be our defining heartbreak, or our most victorious joy.
I have noticed that doing the sensible thing is only a good idea when the decision is quite small. For the life-changing things, you must risk it.
Conformity is deformity.
If you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark, that is all you’ll ever see.
I very maturely and straight-fowardly left anonymous comments about her online.
Then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz…There’s a chance this may have been a dream…
This city and its future, seeing Hell’s Kitchen to it’s fullest potential is very important to me.
This is lies. We are liars. Think about it. Why do people buy cards? It’s not because they want to say how they feel. People buy cards because they can’t say they feel or are afraid to. And we provide the service that let’s them off the hook. You know what? I say to hell with it. Let’s level with America. Or at least let them speak for themselves. Right?
When it all goes quiet behind my eyes, I see everything that made me flying around in invisible pieces. When I look too hard it goes away. And when it all goes quiet, I see they are right here. I see that I’m a little piece of a big, big universe and that makes things right. When I die, the scientists of the future, they’re gonna find it all. They’re gonna know, once there was a Hushpuppy and she lived with her daddy in the bathtub.
I’m going to write the most erotic, graphic, freakiest friendfiction ever.
You can’t tell what is in a person’s heart until you truly know them.
My greatest desire when I become a doctor is to give people back their freedom.
I just want Arthur to trust me and see me for who I really am.
Crying helps me slow down and obsess over the weight of life’s problems.
No, *you* listen! All my life, you have told me that the world is a dark, cruel place. But now I see that the only thing dark and cruel about it is people like you…!
Some of us were just born different.
You’re not a good-for-nothing person. I think that being able to try your hardest to be something is a talent by itself. 
Don’t you ever stop dreaming. You can be anyone you want to be. 
My superiors have decided I’ve become too close to my charges and starting to show emotions, the doorway to doubt.
I think He found me. You have any idea how inconvenient that is? How idiotic it will sound? I have a political career glittering ahead of me, and in my heart I want spider’s webs.
I just think we need a chance as humans to fail in order to discover what actually works, you know? People don’t think there’s a process to being happy.
I’ll never let ANYBODY put me in a cage.
You failed to save a civilization - but at least you helped one man.
In order to escape a road of solitude, one has to work hard, and forge a new path with their own power.
Kind eyes can look on anything and find it beautiful.
