It doesn’t interest me what you do for a living. I want to know what you ache for – and if you dare to dream of meeting your heart’s longing. It doesn’t interest me how old you are. I want to know if you will risk looking like a fool – for love – for your dreams – for the adventure of being alive.
Not all who wander are lost.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I shall either find a way or make one.
I’m going to find a way to be happy, and I’d really love to be happy with you, but if I can’t be happy with you, then I’ll find a way to be happy without you.
You’re under no obligation to be the same person you were five minutes ago.
I get up every morning determined to both change the world and have one hell of a good time. Sometimes this makes planning my day difficult.
Just once do what others say you can’t do and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Impossible is a word only found in the dictionary of fools.
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars.
Genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age.
You’ll need coffee shops and sunsets and road trips. Airplanes and passports and new songs and old songs, but people more than anything else. You will need other people and you will need to be that other person to someone else, a living breathing screaming invitation to believe better things.
If you judge people you have no time to love them.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
When choosing between two evils, I always pick the one I haven’t tried before.
It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
The unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it.
It’s not the events of our lives that shape us, but our beliefs as to what those events mean.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. If you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good, either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.
The best thing you can possibly do with your life is to tackle the motherfucking shit out of love.
You’re only given a little spark of madness. You mustn’t lose it.
You playing small doesn’t serve the world. There’s nothing enlightening about shrinking so that others won’t feel uncomfortable around you. As you let your own light shine, you indirectly give others permission to do the same.
Of course it is happening inside your head, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat. Just get on!
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place.
It’s not the changes that will break your heart; it’s that tug of familiarity.
What should I do about the wild and the tame? The wild heart that wants to be free, and the tame heart that wants to come home. I want to be held. I don’t want you to come too close. I want you to scoop me up and bring me home at nights. I don’t want to tell you where I am. I want to keep a place among the rocks where no one can find me. I want to be with you.
An entire sea of water can’t sink a ship unless it gets inside the ship. Similarly, the negativity of the world can’t put you down unless you allow it to get inside you.
You can’t wait around for life to be good for you, you have to make it good for yourself with the resources that you have. You could own the whole entire world but if you don’t have the drive and urge to make your life special then you own absolutely nothing in the end.
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one.
You will recognize your own path when you come upon it because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
Don’t settle. Don’t finish crappy books. If you don’t like the menu, leave the restaurant. If you’re not on the right path, get off it.
People will disappoint you and wrong you, but they will also defend you and fight for you and bowl you over with kindness. We are all such radiant fuckups — we have to remember this and love one another for it. And even when it seems impossible, we have to be good to one another, to extend an open hand, to try to bring the light back in to illuminate the darkness.
You must love in such a way that the person you love feels free.
When nobody else celebrates you, learn to celebrate yourself. When nobody else compliments you, then compliment yourself. It’s not up to other people to keep you encouraged. It’s up to you. Encouragement should come from the inside.
Develop interest in life as you see it; in people, things, literature, music – the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
Adventure is not outside the man; it is within.
First you jump off the cliff and build your wings on the way down.
Try to learn to breathe deeply, really to taste food when you eat, and when you sleep, really to sleep. Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
It is never too late to be who you might have been.
Some of us swim in the overflowing of the wine glass of life, we stand and blink our eyes in the sunlight reaching unseen places, we know where to find the white spaces, we live in magic.
My heart wants roots. My mind wants wings. I cannot bear their bickerings.
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.