But you’re part of this world, aren’t you?… You must help… please. 
Some say our destiny is tied to the land, as much a part of us as we are of it. Others say fate is woven together like a cloth, so that one’s destiny intertwines with many others. It’s the one thing we search for, or fight to change. Some never find it. But there are some who are led.
We have to live a life of no regrets.
There’s one thing I’m good at… surviving.
This is not how we roll, and you know it. What’s happened to you, Doctor? When did killing someone become an option? And what then? Are you going to hunt down everyone who’s made a gun or a bullet or a bomb? See this is what happens when you travel alone for too long. Well listen to me, Doctor, we can’t be like him. We have to be better than him.
I am a warrior, but I’m a girl, too.
You got hurt. That doesn’t mean you stop trying.
No matter where you are, people find a way to entertain themselves.
Excuse me doing my job thoroughly… and with style.
I love you for who you truly are, not for who I want you to be.
Baths are for big fat wussies.
I refuse to be invisible, Daddy. Not for you, not for Mom, not for anybody.
To live life, you need problems. If you get everything you want the minute you want it, then what’s the point of living?
So! Hey can I ask you something? Is there any chance that I’m going to get super strength in my hand? Because I’m not gonna lie, that would be stupendous…
They say I can’t drink on a plane. They say I can’t bang on a plane. They say I can’t be a doctor!? A pilot?!
Don’t you disrespect me, little man! Don’t you derogate, or deride! You’re in my world now, not your world.
You told me somethin’ once. It’s the only thing that set me free. You gotta let go of the past.
The person who stole that stuff was the old me. Once I got airbending, I changed. I don’t know how to explain it, but I feel like airbending chose me for a reason, like I’m a new person.
Never tell me the odds!
We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are.
It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.