A conversation is a gift. Spend a moment to really listen to people ... to let them know they're being heard. ... Sometimes it's nice to just have a listen. Sometimes it's nice just to be heard.
There's something very addictive about people pleasing. It's a thought pattern and a habit that feels really, really good.
There's too much darkness in the world. ... Everywhere you go, there's a feeling of inadequacy or a feeling that you're not good enough. I want to bring a certain light to the world.
I think love is the through line and it's universal and it doesn't matter what period of time, time or place, or people, that's something we all connect to. That's the thin thread that I think keeps it altogether.
I’m convinced of this: Good done anywhere is good done everywhere. For a change, start by speaking to people rather than walking by them like they’re stones that don’t matter. As long as you’re breathing, it’s never too late to do some good.
Happiness is only real when it is shared.
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Certainty of death, small chance of success… What are we waiting for?
The only way to get what you want in this world is through hard work.
I bare it, so they don’t have too.
I’m gunna take care of you. I’ve got you. That’s my job isn’t it? Watch out for my pain-in-the-ass brother.
What I hear when I’m being yelled at is people caring loudly at me.
When I left Syrup Village, I left everything behind! Tranquility… Safety… They face hardships every day, and they laugh like they’re really having fun! That’s why I decided to go out to sea! I want to laugh ’til I cry, too! But if I don’t fight with everything I’ve got, there’s no way I deserve to be on the same boat as them! There’s no way I can laugh with them!
No matter what we were feeling on the inside, we’d have to put on our best face on the outside. But neither of us ever had that luxury…No matter what we did, our outside showed exactly what was rotting on the inside.
You talk all the time but you don’t say anything.
A dropout will beat a genius through hard work.
Know this: your caveman ideas about manhood are so over. Manhood today is about exfoliation, cheese courses, emotional honesty, and Paxil.
There’s nothing I want more that to find a way back to where we were, but I don’t know if we can.
There’s always people in this world who want you to give up. Don’t make their jobs any easier.
Don’t tell me not to have a crap attack! I’ll have a crap attack anytime I want!
Pain, horrible pain that you want again and again.
I’m your landlady, dear. Not your housekeeper.
I totally saw Hot Dog Princess get sucked in here, and I wasn’t invited!? I was all, “What the lump?” so I’m crashing this party.
Look in that mirror. I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady. Oh look, you’re here too.
Because I have to grow up tomorrow.
Never underestimate the power of a queen with lovely hair, my dear.
Never thought I’d see the day where I’d be the boss of the boss.
Don’t worry, my friend’s down there. He’ll have that shield down in time… Or this’ll be the shortest offensive of all time.
Everyone keeps underestimating me. I was not always Queen. I know how to get my hands dirty.
You know, when I was a kid, I would have given anything to be exactly like everybody else.
I forgot everything you said before “rectum!”
Perhaps, someday, our ability to love won’t be so limited.
