Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together.
Some people underestimate how erotic it is to be understood.
Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Our lives are not our own. We are bound to others, past and present, and by each crime and every kindness, we birth our future.
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.
There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them.
People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field. I’ll meet you there. When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about.
The union of the mathematician with the poet, fervor with measure, passion with correctness, this surely is the ideal.
The paradox of our time in history is that we have taller buildings, shorter tempers, wider freeways but narrower viewpoints. We spend more, but have less,we buy more more, but we enjoy less. We have bigger houses, but smaller families, more conveniences, but less time. More degrees, but less sense, more knowledge, but less judgement, more experts, but more problems, more medicine, but less wellness. Multiplied our possesions, reduced our values. Talk too much, love too seldom, and hate too often. We’ve learned how to make a living, but not a life. We’ve added years to our life not life to our years. We’ve been to the moon and back, but cant cross the street to meet a new neighbor. Conquered outer space but not innerspace. we’ve cleaned up the air, but polluted the soul. Plan more, accomplish less. Learned to rush, but not to wait. We build more computers to hold more information, produce more copies than ever, but we communicate less and less. These are the times of fast food, slow digestion, big men and small character, steep profits and shallow relationships. These are the days of two incomes but more divorce, fancier houses, but broken homes.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter.
There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.
The way sadness works is one of the strangest riddles of the world.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
People respond in accordance to how you relate to them. If you approach them on the basis of violence, that’s how they’ll react. But if you say, ‘We want peace, we want stability,’ we can then do a lot of things that will contribute towards the progress of our society.
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.
I am half agony, half hope.
Each of us has a spark of life inside us, and our highest endeavour ought to be to set off that spark in one another.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
It is a most distressing affliction to have a sentimental heart and a skeptical mind.
Love is the bridge between you and everything.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
We don’t know who we are until we see what we can do.
What every man needs, regardless of his job or the kind of work he is doing, is a vision of what his place is and may be. He needs an objective and a purpose. He needs a feeling and a belief that he has some worthwhile thing to do. What this is no one can tell him. It must be his own creation. Its success will be measured by the nature of his vision and what he has done to equip himself and how well he has performed along the line of its development.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world and you must impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
The future rewards those who press on. I don’t have time to feel sorry for myself. I don’t have time to complain. I’m going to press on.
You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something – your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
As you start to walk out on the way, the way appears.
Great men are they who see that spiritual is stronger than material force, that thoughts rule the world.
No matter how much we try to run away from this thirst for the answer to life, for the meaning of life, the intensity only gets stronger and stronger. We cannot escape these spiritual hungers.
Just because you don’t understand doesn’t mean it isn’t so.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
The curse of the romantic is a greed for dreams, an intensity of expectation that, in the end, diminishes the reality.
I often feel like I want to think something but I can’t find the language that coincides with the thoughts, so it remains felt, not thought. Sometimes I feel like I’m thinking in Swedish without knowing Swedish.
To be nobody but yourself – in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else – means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone; the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present.
Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don’t always like.
Romanticism is the expression of man’s urge to rise above reason and common sense, just as rationalism is the expression of his urge to rise above theology and emotion.
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind.
I will love you as a thief loves a gallery and as a crow loves a murder, as a cloud loves bats and as a range loves braes. I will love you as misfortune loves orphans, as fire loves innocence and as justice loves to sit and watch while everything goes wrong.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Some failure in life is inevitable. It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all — in which case, you fail by default.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face… we must do that which we think we cannot.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Unlike any other creature on this planet, humans can learn and understand, without having experienced. They can think themselves into other people’s places. We do not need magic to change the world, we carry all the power we need inside ourselves already: we have the power to imagine better.
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
Were there none who were discontented with what they have, the world would never reach anything better.
The least I can do is speak out for those who cannot speak for themselves.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
It’s not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.
I think of life itself now as a wonderful play that I’ve written for myself, and so my purpose is to have the utmost fun playing my part.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Every individual matters. Every individual has a role to play. Every individual makes a difference.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
People respond in accordance to how you relate to them. If you approach them on the basis of violence, that’s how they’ll react. But if you say, ‘We want peace, we want stability,’ we can then do a lot of things that will contribute towards the progress of our society.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.